feat: Add predicate and script templates (#5238)
FuelLabs/sway: templates/sway-script-test-rs/README.md

# Rust + Sway integration testing

A cargo-generate template that makes it easy to initialise Rust integration
testing within an existing Sway project.

This template is designed for Rust developers who wish to test integration of
their Rust application and Sway code.

> See the [Testing with Rust](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/master/book/testing/testing-with-rust.html) chapter of [the Sway

Reviewer: should probably link to the docs hub here also

Reviewer 2: The docs hub url is docs.fuel.network

```suggestion
See the [Testing with Rust](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/testing/testing-with-rust/) chapter of [the Sway
```
